# PlasmaPy community meeting agenda and minutes - Tuesday 2020 November 03 at 18:00 UT

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/6oYWKTQ_RYOAzXGkXATOjQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/6oYWKTQ_RYOAzXGkXATOjQ)


### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [PlasmaPy google directory](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByPG8nie6fTPMEIxTlZLZjdjYms?usp=sharing) ([minutes/agendas](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByPG8nie6fTPV1FQUEkzMTgtRTg?usp=sharing), [documents](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByPG8nie6fTPYzk2TEhTa1N6R0U?usp=sharing))
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)  
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. ...
3. ...
4. ...
5. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
6. Pull requests in progress 
    

## Minutes

* PlasmaPy presentation
    * ~18 slides, 20-21 minutes as per Sterling's email
    * Training for virtual speakers [Wednesday, November 4, 2020 at 2pm EST](https://www.bigmarker.com/bravuratech2/DPP20-Speaker-Training-Wednesday)
    * Virtual Speaker Guide: https://apsmeetings.s3.amazonaws.com/Files/Live+presentation.pdf
* [SPASE](https://spase-group.org/data/) metadata standard for space physics

## PlasmaPy talk

> Abstract: JM10.00001 : PlasmaPy: Building an open source Python package for plasma science*

https://zenodo.org/record/3923177 
https://zenodo.org/record/3491170

* what is plasmapy, what motivates it
    * independent groups writing their own untested undocumented code,  no interoperability
* where to get it
    * rep the website
    * rep the docs
    * MAKE SURE THE SCREENSHOTS ARE WITH DARK MODE OFF
* brief discussion of package structure
    * go by subpackages
    * blank slide for analysis/diagnostics
* functionality
    * formulary
        * "we have 90% of NRL covered"
        * take a pic of NRL formula, have screenshot of docs right next to it
    * particle class
        * easy to use interface for selecting ions etc
        * "optional OO if you want it"
        * the different ways of putting particles in
        * isotopes?
    * skip plasmas 
    * particle tracker - as a WIP
        * relationship with proton radiography
* development 
* future roadmap
* no implementation details
* invite people to talk indepth
* 4-5 years but still in infancy - a lot of expansion to be had
* contributor shoutout

* engage community, just to bounce ideas off and help with design
* focus for next year - start bringing in functionality; reach out different sectors to identify wanted functionality
* interoperability?
    * addons
* at end of slides, very drafty roadmap:
    * Erik: general diagnostics/analysis framework, Langmuir
    * Peter: proton radiography, line averaged diagnostics
    * Dominik: transport for master's thesis, particletracker, optimizations through numba
    * Khalil: HEDP functionality, shocks
    * Nick: puns, groundwork for standard simulation interfaces
        * we'd like to work with OSSSimulation groups
    * OSSim <- acronym Open Source (Software) Simulation
    
* https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.06798.pdf