---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy community meeting agenda and minutes - Tuesday 2020 December 15 at 18:00 UT

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/hPXwRR-LQ5OkXFtcfsbPrw/badge)](https://hackmd.io/hPXwRR-LQ5OkXFtcfsbPrw)

### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [PlasmaPy google directory](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByPG8nie6fTPMEIxTlZLZjdjYms?usp=sharing) ([minutes/agendas](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByPG8nie6fTPV1FQUEkzMTgtRTg?usp=sharing), [documents](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByPG8nie6fTPYzk2TEhTa1N6R0U?usp=sharing))
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 for roadmap discussion
3. open a `plasmapy-project` repo? (similar to `astropy-repo`)
4. utilize GitHub's notifications page to assign issue/PR responsibilities (??)
5. v0.5.0 release & video
    1. zenodo...
7. ...
8. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
9. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [PR 834](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/934): `Hall_parameter`
        * looks good, just needs a final read through to correct Erik's horrible grammar
    2. [PR 942](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/942)  Update documentation for particles and utils subpackages 
        * Mostly relatively minor refinements
        
    
## Attendees

* Nick
* Erik
* Dominik
* Jacob
* Jun-Chieh Wang

## Action Items

***Dominik***
* link back to discourse from github discussion pages
* do the big migration of meeting notes repo etc etc, with separate meeting directories

***Erik***
* need to start summarizing the roadmap from past meetings, this will facilitate future discussions
* form core Review team of Erik, Nick, and Dominik

***Nick***
* After Erik creates Reviewer Team, assign team to PR 942 as a test run for the process

## Minutes

* **ROADMAP**
    * ***Erik*** need to start summarizing the roadmap from past meetings, this will facilitate future discussions
    * Should roadmap stuff be its own `plasmapy-roadmap` or a subdirectory of `plasmapy-project`
        * people prefer sub-directory approach
    * Simulation
        * initial conditions, boundary conditions, all aspects not directly related to numeric implementation
        * Jimmy Juno busy through Dec; to be contacted in early 2021
* Hall parameter PR in progress
    * might need customizable collision frequency? for a future PR
* plasma processing - input by Jun-Chieh
* scope of project - specific simulations vs general framework
    * [LAMMPS](https://lammps.sandia.gov/): a classical molecular dynamics code with a focus on materials modeling. It's an acronym for Large-scale Atomic/Molecular Massively Parallel Simulator. 
* `plasmapy-project` repo - discussions about project in general
    * open up, write-only access, link back to discourse?
    * https://github.com/astropy/astropy-project
    * rename `plasmapy-project` to `plasmapy-project` and have meeting notes be a sub-directory
        * check that hackmd links don't break
* utilize GitHub's notifications page to assign issue/PR responsibilities (??)
    * how to be more efficient about general GTD
    * need to be better about assigning reviews, issues to people
    * assign a person to take care of the PR
    * then the request review button is for "come help me with current state" rather than "carry this from birth to merge"
    * request review from team rather than from single person
    * Erik to make
* 0.5 release
    * it worked!
    * release video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rG3lZMy1ZY&feature=youtu.be
