---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy Community Meeting | Tuesday 2021 June 8 at 18:00 UT

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/6rzwxxKaTQKq2tmZR9VS4A/badge)](https://hackmd.io/6rzwxxKaTQKq2tmZR9VS4A)


### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Community" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_community)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes for [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Should we have a working hour meeting (postpone until ~next week)
5. Update on SULI tutorials by Peter & Nick
6. Zoom account for PlasmaPy (will also bring up at project meeting...needed for Hack Week)
7. Release of v0.7.0
    * How should we schedule this?
    * release week of 7/12
    * feature freeze üßä week of 6/28
    * week of 7/5 focus on wrapping up last minute PRs
8. Hack Week
    * schedule status
    * registration has shot to ~~151~~ 154
9. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
10. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [Greeter bot for new contributors (#1095)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1095)
    2. [Lite-Functions Ep. 1 | Jump to Hyperspace (#1145)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1145)
    3. [Set up ReST substitutions for docs (#1147)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1147)
    4. [Begin a project glossary (#1149)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1149)
        - Still need to figure out why terms aren't linking
    5. [Change code & docs to reflect a default branch named main (#1150)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1150)
    6. [Added notebook to environment.yml (#1151)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1151)
    7. [Minor edit code development guidelines (#1152)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1152)
    8. [Update doc guide (#1156)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1156)
    9. [Fixing binder bug (#1159)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1159)
11. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick

## Action Items

***Erik***
* review and merge Hack Week [PR 21](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasma-hack-week/pull/21/files)
* start PR for hack week schedule on website

## Minutes

* Will bring up zoom discussion in project meeting
    * How's fund does it come from?
    * Need to look into the plan
* release of v0.7.0
    * Nick will be on vacation week of 7/5
    * Nick proposes to push release to week of 7/18 (still open for discussion)
* Hack Week
    * need to get intouch with people that said they are will to give a lightning talk
    * [Erik] needs to start putting schedule up on the website
* [Software Carpentry git/GitHub tutorial](https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/) ‚Üê could be helpful to adapt existing tutorial for during Hack Week