---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy Community Meeting | Tuesday 2021 February 23 at 18:00 UT

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/8OxQ7vk3QDCMM0kA7pqZYA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/8OxQ7vk3QDCMM0kA7pqZYA)


### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Community" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_community)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes for roadmap
    * drafting [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy
3. solicit "Project Issues"
    * Need to add Distribution overhaul
    * Particle factory (issue [687](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/687)) **??**
4. [Dominik] PlasmaPy 0.6 for release between March 6th and 14th?
    * [Last release on Dec 9th](https://docs.plasmapy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/index.html)
    * Roughly 3-month cadence for this year?
    * Do we want anything else to go in?
    * [Current changelog items](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/tree/master/changelog)
5. [Dominik] wishes to share dismay about making presentations
    * Seriously, slides are the worst
6. [Erik to Nick] What are your current plans for `ParticleLike` and `@particle_input`?
7. GitHub auto-merge enabled
    * [Automatically merging a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/automatically-merging-a-pull-request)
    * [Managing auto-merge for pull requests in your repository](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/managing-auto-merge-for-pull-requests-in-your-repository)
    * [YouTube vid on automerging](https://youtu.be/G_TP-2cRypU)
8. ...
9. Issues
    1. [#990](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/990): `fiducia` interoperability and filter diode array analysis
    2. ...
10. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [PR 978](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/978): nuclear cross-sections & rates
    2. [PR 979](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/979): Relativistic Boris Pusher
    3. [PR 1000](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1000): Paschen Curve
11. Pull Requests **MERGED**
    1. [PR 889](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/889): Swept Langmuir `find_floating_potential`
    2. [PR 951](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/951): docstring cleanup of `quantum.py`
    3. [PR 985](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/985): `particle_like` docstring update
    4. [PR 895](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/895): Proton Radiography

## Attendees

* Erik
* Dominik
* Nick
* Tiger

## Action Items

***Erik***
> ***Continuation***
> * Open "Project Issue" on the distribution functions
> * refine roadmap for next weeks discussion
> * add OMFIT to affiliated pkgs
* When `plasmapy.formulary.paschen` is created [PR 1000], I will add the documentation side of things
~~* When [PR 985](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/985) is merged I will create the PR for updating `@particle_input`~~
    ~~* I need to review PR 985~~
    * gave `@particle_input` back to Nick
* determine status for Khalil's old PRs
* open an Issue for a lexicon of formulary parameters...physical parameter being represented, parameter symbol, docstring description

***Dominik***
> ***Continuation***
> * add feedback to roadmap items "Transport" and "Particle Tracker"
> * Write tests, check formula for [PR 979](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/979) - "Relativistic Boris Pusher"
>    * started on this
> * PR on `plasmapy.plasma.geometry` for [exact Solov'ev equlibrium with an arbitrary boundary](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.04449.pdf)
* Investigate GitHub Actions new contributor bot for automatically adding comments for new contributors adding a PR (or the like).
    * message to users that checks don't need to pass right away (we'll work together to get things refined)
    * how to run pre-commit `isort` and `black`

***Nick***
> ***Continuation***
> * add feedback to roadmap items "Workshop" and "Simulations"
> * will assign himself to [PR 978](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/978) - "nuclear cross-sections & rates"
* put some effort towards the dev guide
* Review PR 1003

## Minutes

* `@particle_input`
    * [Nick] will take over this update
    * I [Erik] had started overhauling `@particle_input` awhile ago, but has since been "abandoned"...see my [Erik's] branch https://github.com/rocco8773/PlasmaPy/tree/particle_like
    * Still an open question, but is looking to be vetoed by the majority...break out a `@from_particle` decorator https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/918
        * pulls values from a particle and passes them to a function
* https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/settings/branch_protection_rules/2153257 required/non-required tests
* Everyone is on board with releasing v0.6 during March
* Creating a lexicon for `plasmapy.formulary` parameters
    * should include...physical parameter being represented, variable name, docstring description
* Slides considered harmful
    * ""'Slides considered harmful' considered harmful" considered harmful
* Relativistic Boris Pusher stalled...probably 1 month
* No one has time for GSOC...should make effort for 2022 instead
