---
tags: community, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy Community Meeting | Tuesday 2021 June 1 at 18:00 UT

### Video Conference Information
* [Jitsi video conference link](https://meet.jit.si/plasmapy) with [call-in information](https://meet.jit.si/static/dialInInfo.html?room=plasmapy) 
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Community" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_community)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs) 
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes for [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Lite-Function update
6. Should binder links on `stable` import most recent PlasmaPy release or from `stable` or `main`?
7. Test failures with xarray-dev and numpy-dev
8. A template repository before the hack week?
    1. Update the OpenAstronomy template?
10. MagNetUS
11. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
12. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [Greeter bot for new contributors (#1095)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1095)
    2. [Lite-Functions Ep. 1 | Jump to Hyperspace (#1145)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1145)
    3. [Set up ReST substitutions for docs (#1147)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1147)
    4. [Begin a project glossary (#1149)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1149)
        - Still need to figure out why terms aren't linking
    5. [Change code & docs to reflect a default branch named main (#1150)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1150)
    6. [Added notebook to environment.yml (#1151)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1151)
    7. [Minor edit code development guidelines (#1152)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1152)
    8. [Update doc guide (#1156)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1156)
    9. [Fixing binder bug (#1159)](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/1159)
    10. 
13. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Dominik
* Erik x2
* Tiger
* Nick

## Action Items

***Person***
* ...

## Minutes

* ![](https://i.imgur.com/grFnwBZ.png)
* Roadmap!
    * Most progress on hack week 
        * To be held at end of Q2
        * On Friday made good progress filling out schedule & adding presenters
        * Need more good first issues for during the hack week
        * About one new registration per day; lots of people from OMFIT
        * Notebooks
        * Peter's plan: talk for 20 mins, then work on notebooks, let people play with functionality 
        * Can Gkeyll/bout++ run through notebooks?
* Education
    * Will likely be a Bryn Mawr student over the summer
    * Creating educational materials/notebooks that can be used in classes
    * This could be a hack week topic too
    * Would likely identify features needed in PlasmaPy
* YouTube
    * Mostly on hold
    * Nick has been slacking on clean coding video
    * Nick gave David videos from 
* Analysis & diagnostics
    * Likely shift Q2 goals to Q3
* Erik gave Zenhub access to PlasmaPy on GitHub
    * Attempt to use it for diagnostic stuff
    * Then implement it for more later
* Dispersion
    * Q1: created two-fluid
    * On pause for dissertation reasons
    * New Delaware student potentially interested, would be getting up to speed in the summer, and hopefully attend the hack week
    * 
* Nick invited Kamodo/Heliopython
* Transport
    * Working on neoclassical 
    * Progress on refactoring of `ClassicalTransport` by Peter
    * common API for classical & neoclassical for Q3; not sure we'll be able to get there since all the neoclassical stuff depends on geometry. 
* Simulation
    * Meeting with Ammar Hakim and Jimmy Juno in 3h from now (23:00 Dominik's time, thus, sadness)
    * getting on same page about hack week
    * gkyl is mostly C99 so should be pythonizable?
* 2021 Year of Delivery ~~and the Linux Desktop~~
* if switching to date-ver, start at the beginning of next year?
* push release to ~2 weeks
* Are there any practices that we can put into play to be more effective in getting the roadmap accomplished?
    * Co-working sessions
        * Shouldn't happen on a Friday morning after the hack week so that Erik can go no bike rides
        * Maybe have a review hour?  Could try this later on, but should start the co-working session first
* Lite function update
    * Not much to update at the moment
    * Going to stick with `thermal_speed_coefficients` function only because can't get it to be fast otherwise
    * If Numba would cache, it would be helpful
        * Should keep thinking about how to improve it
* Xarray ci nightly failures bot
    * https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/5366
* Should have `537.doc.1.rst` and `537.doc.2.rst` in development guide
* Dominik wants to get to embedding requirements.txt in conda's env.yml