---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 May 26 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/LAGMfxCtSsu5eWFWvduBFw/badge)](https://hackmd.io/LAGMfxCtSsu5eWFWvduBFw)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. PlasmaPy Newsletter
5. Hack Week update
6. ...
7. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
8. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
9. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. [PR 16](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasma-hack-week/pull/16): Define types of talks
        * See <https://hack.plasmapy.org/2021/schedule/>
    3. ...

## Attendees

* Erik
* David
* Steve
* Nick

## Action Items

***Nick***
* Reach out to presenters to define their talk type
* Clean up the schedule (will do during office hours tomorrow)
* PR on Python tutorials
* PR on resources for learning stuff on website

## Minutes

* PlasmaPy Newsletter 
    * Sent! (5/21)
    * Probably got ∼4–5 hack week registrations from the newsletter
    * Need to do a Fourier analysis
    * 45.3% open/hit rate
* Hack Week update
    * 8 accepted invites + 2 general talks
    * schedule is currently being drafted
    * Need to define the talk type for each presentation
        * helps presenters focus their talks
        * helps us schedule the talks
        * helps attendess know what's going
    * **!!! Need to reach out to presenters to narrow down their talk types !!!**

