---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 April 07 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/LRWlDPvIS1y2OqoIQnNhhA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/LRWlDPvIS1y2OqoIQnNhhA)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. [Status, David] BMC student
5. [Status, Nick & David] scientific reproducibility & how to contribute videos
6. [Status] Newsletter
    * brainstorm file <https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/HJ-AbhUm_>
    * what still needs to be done?
    * any comments/questions on the current content
7. [Status] Hack Week
    * **only 82 days away (~11.5 weeks, ~2.9 months)**
    * website status
    * logo status
    * distribution of workload
6. [Status, Erik] `@plasmapy.org` emails
    * [Custom domain gmail](https://workspace.google.com/products/gmail/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=na-US-all-en-dr-bkws-all-all-trial-e-dr-1009892&utm_content=text-ad-none-any-DEV_c-CRE_498266265341-ADGP_Desk%20%7C%20BKWS%20-%20EXA%20%7C%20Txt%20~%20Gmail_Gmail%20General-KWID_43700060649421278-kwd-11688096897&utm_term=KW_custom%20gmail%20address-ST_custom%20gmail%20address&gclid=Cj0KCQjwsLWDBhCmARIsAPSL3_0g8ZiAlCxQ97Lm2yZ3MsNCu5rS8N1fek7K0miOYKJ-pvTkLDgVw4waAq0-EALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds) (aka Google Workspace)
7. Consultant for producing YouTube videos **??**
8. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
9. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Steve
* Nick
* David
* Ben

## Action Items

***Erik***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>   * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
>   * Sterling has submitted a request
>
* Roadmap
  * refine
  * start make page for website
* Get `plasmapy-education` up to speed

***Nick***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
> 
* Open an issue on clarifying the "Citation" page on plasmapy.org
* email to Hackathon group for meeting reminder

***David***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * Create a "PlasmaPy Project" public Zoom meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * Will look at zoom account features to see if they meet our needs
>     * aiming to make a decision on this in 1 - 2 months
> 
* Upload Nick's DPP contributing video to YouTube.

## Minutes

* BMC Student
    * David and student will join office hours this week
    * will discuss prototype
    * short video on the prototype <https://recordit.co/LFsln9GQ4g>
    * we should create a repo for the project `plasmapy-calculator`
    * How to host website if not static? AWS, host thru one of the universities
* no update on uploading videos to YouTube
* Newsletter
    * mostly held up by deployment of hack.plasmapy.org
    * [Erik] still needs to give brief write up Proton Radiography
* Hack Week
    * try to get more participation from outside people so Nick and I are not doing all the work
    * Need to bring this workload distribution topic up during the next Hack Week meeting
    * Need to define scope of Hack Week
    * Check if Sterling will be the lead on collecting people to give tutorials/presentations
    * Use funding to pay presenters (probably come from the PlasmaPy workshop or consultant fund)
        * need to check with our manager
        * <https://nsf.gov/pubs/policydocs/pappg20_1/index.jsp>
    * SULI happens the 2 weeks before out Hack Week...how do we manage this? <https://suli.pppl.gov/2020/course/>
        * Do we want to shifts dates?
        * If we shift later then we need to push after 4th of July.
        * The pre-event tutorials would be during SULI.  Do we want this?
* Generally seen as good idea to use consultant funds to pay someone to produce YouTube videos
    * could be someone w/ in grad school
    * 