---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 May 19 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/O5xkc8ueQDSblNKfJANgnQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/O5xkc8ueQDSblNKfJANgnQ)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Hack Week
5. Newsletter
6. ...
7. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
8. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
9. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. [plasmapy-hack-week/PR 14](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasma-hack-week/pull/14) Add steve to organizing committee

## Attendees

* Nick
* Erik
* Steve
* Ben

## Action Items

***Nick***
* Open website PR for defiing types of presentations
* Start drafting schedule

## Minutes

* Hack Week
    * Nick will open PR on defining presentation types either today or tomore...I [Erik] will review before Friday
    * reviewed who's been invited in Round 1
* Nick wants to present stuff during the SULI meeting
    * probably two topics...proton notebook and say ExB notebook
    * he's picturing these presentaitons as an intro to PlasmaPy
