---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 June 2 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/EnUjGtqtSzS54Ge1EtT2qA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/EnUjGtqtSzS54Ge1EtT2qA)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
    * [minutes from this week's community meeting](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/S1HmxX79_)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. [status update] Hack Week
    1. Gkeyll 
    2. Saha project possibility
    3. Posting on Engage
6. uploading Nick's vids to YouTube
7. ...
8. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
9. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
10. Pull requests **MERGED**
    1. ...

## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick
* Steve
* Ben

## Action Items

***Erik***
* Need to schedule dispersion meeting with Ben and Elliot to begin right after the Hack Week

## Minutes

* Nick should follow up with Jimmy Juno and Ammar Hakim about them creating an example notebook that participants could follow along with.  The notebook would be hosted by the hack week.
    * Probably the approach we should take for the hack week
    * Someone from each project should participate in a corresponding hack session so participants can work along with it.
* Ben's student
    * Elliot (grad) and Shane (undergrad)
    * Ramiz has accepted an offer elsewhere and Elliot will be taking over
    * Elliot would start in Summer
    * Summary of Dispersion relations to put in [issue 973](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/973)
    * [Dispersion meeting minutes](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/main/minutes/dispersion)
    * Will schedule first dispersion meeting for right after the Hack Week
    * 