---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 January 20 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/lsulVqrBTVippkePxFQ9Ww/badge)](https://hackmd.io/lsulVqrBTVippkePxFQ9Ww)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
    * drafting [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Clean code video in progress [Nick]
5. Newsletter follow-up
6. Zoom
7. New NSF CSSI program manager pending
8. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
9. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Steve
* David
* Nick
* Ben

## Action Items

***Continuation***
> ***Erik***
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>     * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
>     * Sterling has submitted a request
> * Keep refining roadmap
>     * [GOAL] 1-2 weeks post roadmap to plasampy.org
> 
> ***Nick***
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Think about what the name of the Zenodo community should be (DPP miniconf or something more broad?)
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> * Name for the Zenodo community for DPP mini-conf
>    * How to do Zenodo for DPP mini-conf
>    * see "Zenodo magic" bullet point below
> 
> ***David***
> * contact mini-conf contributors about uploading to Zenodo
> * Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * post the newsletter to engage.aps.org & social media
> * see Zenodo bullet under Nick's action items
> * Create a "PlasmaPy Project" zoom meeting
>     * will add us as admins

***Erik***
* re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
    * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
* add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
    * Sterling has submitted a request
* Keep refining roadmap
    * [GOAL] 1-2 weeks post roadmap to plasampy.org

***Nick***
* look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
* Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs

***David***
* Will email mini-conf presenters with instructions on how to upload their talks to Zenodo (should be done by end of week)
* Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
    * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
    * add waiting room

## Minutes

* Nick is working on Clean code video and would like to post to PlasmaPy's YouTube
* From newsletter
    * newsletter was posted on engage.aps.org, Facebook, and ~~Twitter~~
    * got 14 new subscribers to the newsletter
* We should establish @plasmapy.org email addresses, then the newsletter could be emailed by the organization instead of David
    * individual addresses **??**
    * team@plasmapy.org
    * project@plasmapy.org
    * simgroup@plasmapy.org
    * news@plasmapy.org
    * ...
* Mini-Conf Zenodo
    * establish a group on zenodo (https://zenodo.org/communities/dpp2020opensource/?page=1&size=20)
    * nothing upload yet
    * for anyone presented in the mini-conf
    * presenters do upload work and then David/Nick would approve it
    * David's email to participants will give instructions
* Zoom link for Project meeting
    * establish alt. hosts (hosts automatically log in)
        * Can people outside your zoom group be an alt. hosts?
        * Add ppl to user/group account in zoom?
        * [Zoom not confusing at all user managagement guide](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201363183-Managing-users)
    * non-hosts have to sit in a waiting room
    * **Can you restrict the hours of a meeting link?** So, people can't start the meeting at any given time with the link.
* A new person form OAC will take over the NSF program manager spot.
* [Erik] did not have chance to do further refinement roadmap...will do for next week
* 
