---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 February 10 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/uyXbU62qSWCD1dzNfwmxmg/badge)](https://hackmd.io/uyXbU62qSWCD1dzNfwmxmg)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
    * drafting [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
    * [Nick] Can I [Erik] get you to expand on the `Simulation`
    * [Status ??]
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. [Status] Zenodo & mini-conf follow up
5. [Status] public zoom link for meeting
    * Do we need a PlasmaPy Zoom account?
7. [Status, Nick] Hack-athon
8. [Status, Nick] Clean code video
9. [Status, Nick] how to contribute video
10. ...
11. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
12. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* David
* Ben
* Steve
* Nick

## Action Items

***Erik***
> ***Continuation***
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>     * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
>     * Sterling has submitted a request
* Roadmap
    * refine
    * start make page for website
* Get `plasmapy-education` up to speed

***Nick***
> ***Continuation***
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
> * Name for the Zenodo community for DPP mini-conf
>    * How to do Zenodo for DPP mini-conf
>    * see "Zenodo magic" bullet point below
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
* Open an issue on clarifying the "Citation" page on plasmapy.org
* email out dates for the "initial" hackathon planning meetings

***David***
> ***Continuation***
> * contact mini-conf contributors about uploading to Zenodo
>     * email w/ instructions on how to upload their talks to Zenodo
> * Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * post the newsletter to engage.aps.org & social media
> * see Zenodo bullet under Nick's action items
> * Create a "PlasmaPy Project" public Zoom meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
* Will look at zoom account features to see if they meet our needs
    * aiming to make a decision on this in 1- 2 months

## Minutes

* Ben has a monthly faculty at during the time of this meeting
    * typically first week of the month
    * He [Ben] doesn't feel it's necessary to reschedule this project meeting
* Hackathon
    * (for reference) [Software in Person](https://modelviewculture.com/pieces/software-in-person)â€” essay thing about planning hack weeks
    * response from 10 or so people interested in participating (attendee or presenter) or organizing
    * will have two "initial" meetings" at 12:00 pm ET on Friday 2/19 and 2/26
        * Should be narrowing in on a date by then end of the "initial" meetings 
    * example of Hackweek (Astropy http://astrohackweek.org/2020)
    * nominal schedule: 5 days at 4 hours a day
    * What should be covered...
        * intro to git and GitHub mechanics
        * process of contributing
        * development practices
        * emphasis on development and contribution topics
        * "out of conference" topics could include current physics functionality and desired physics functionality
    * when to hold it still TBD, end of summer might be optimal
    * might be worthwhile to have an online portion for all of our future hackatons (depending on how this one goes)
    * If you're organizing an event, maybe you could also be responsible for organizing z social event
    * Need to inject social time (discussed that this was important, but difficult or next to impossible online) 
    * Should ask about experiences that others have made
* Decision on public zoom...
    * **Needs to happen when the "Project" meeting is made public**
    * The zoom mechanics need to be dug into...
        * how many people can be apart of an organize [David] will look into
        * how many hosts
        * can we have simultaneous meetings
    * zoom account would also be useful for working groups and the hackathon
    * [Nick] would like to make the project meetings available in the next 1-2 months
    * we can do a soft start to the public meetings by sending the zoom link to invitees
    * 