---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 March 24 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

### Video Conference Information

* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
    * drafting [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
    * [Nick] Can I [Erik] get you to expand on the `Simulation`
    * [Status ??]
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. [Status, David] BMC student
5. [Status, Nick & David] clean code & how to contribute videos
6. [Status] Hackathon
    * hack.plasmapy.org
    * website brainstorming...<https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/HklV-BWNu>
    * new logo
7. [Status] public zoom link for meeting
    * Do we need a PlasmaPy Zoom account?
8. Self-evaluation based on [ten simple rules paper](https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pcbi.1007296)
9. ...
10. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
11. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...

## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick
* David
* Ben

## Action Items

***Erik***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>   * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
>   * Sterling has submitted a request
>
* Roadmap
  * refine
  * start make page for website
* Get `plasmapy-education` up to speed

***Nick***
> ***Continuation***
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
> * Name for the Zenodo community for DPP mini-conf
>    * How to do Zenodo for DPP mini-conf
>    * see "Zenodo magic" bullet point below
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
* Open an issue on clarifying the "Citation" page on plasmapy.org
* Rough schedule should be complete by mid-March **Hack Week**
* email to Hackathon group for meeting reminder

***David***
> ***Continuation***
> * contact mini-conf contributors about uploading to Zenodo
>     * email w/ instructions on how to upload their talks to Zenodo
> * Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * post the newsletter to engage.aps.org & social media
> * see Zenodo bullet under Nick's action items
> * Create a "PlasmaPy Project" public Zoom meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * Will look at zoom account features to see if they meet our needs
>     * aiming to make a decision on this in 1 - 2 months
* Upload Nick's DPP contributing video to YouTube.

## Minutes

* Hack Week
    * possible logos
    * ![](https://i.imgur.com/MDbGUMa.png)
    * Logo font
        * Yanone Kaffeesatz
        * https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/pull/383#issuecomment-383213542
        * also source for https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-logo/blob/8c3e49c0d803210b41b9d5df05cad68864a2506b/source/logo.svg
    * [landing page draft](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasma-hack-week/pull/2/files)
    * Topics
        * a 2hr discussion on how community interacts with current projects
            * framed around topics presented in https://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371%2Fjournal.pcbi.1007296#sec012
            * What barriers do new contributions find most frustrating?
            * What current projects address these barriers well, or not so much?
            * open discussion w/ community members on what hey are liking or not liking
            * ...
        * research engineering with Python
        * ...
    * [Hack week toolkit](https://uwescience.github.io/HackWeek-Toolkit/):  "information on methods for hosting and facilitating participant-driven data science workshops" with the hack week model
