---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 March 17 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/2fAyxnC-QouIOnCtzKY9qA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/2fAyxnC-QouIOnCtzKY9qA)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
    * drafting [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
    * [Nick] Can I [Erik] get you to expand on the `Simulation`
    * [Status ??]
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. `v0.6.0` released last Sunday
    * **Congrats to all!!!**
    * Lots of things learned during the release, but it is definitely getting smoother.
5. [Status] post-release newsletter
    * [Brainstorming doc](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/HJ-AbhUm_)
6. [Status, David] BMC student
7. [Status, Nick & David] clean code & how to contribute videos
8. [Status] Hackathon
    * Points from last week's meeting
    * progress on website hack.plasmapy.org
    * steps to be taken this week?
9. [Status] Zenodo & mini-conf follow up
    * **Decided to strike item**
10. [Status] public zoom link for meeting
    * Do we need a PlasmaPy Zoom account?
10. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
11. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Steve
* Nick
* David

## Action Items

***Erik***
> ***Continuation***
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>     * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
>     * Sterling has submitted a request
* Roadmap
    * refine
    * start make page for website
* Get `plasmapy-education` up to speed

***Nick***
> ***Continuation***
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
> * Name for the Zenodo community for DPP mini-conf
>    * How to do Zenodo for DPP mini-conf
>    * see "Zenodo magic" bullet point below
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
* Open an issue on clarifying the "Citation" page on plasmapy.org
* Rough schedule should be complete by mid-March **Hack Week**
* ~~email to Hackathon group~~
    * ~~link to Discord channel~~
    * ~~update on next meeting~~

***David***
> ***Continuation***
> * contact mini-conf contributors about uploading to Zenodo
>     * email w/ instructions on how to upload their talks to Zenodo
> * Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * post the newsletter to engage.aps.org & social media
> * see Zenodo bullet under Nick's action items
> * Create a "PlasmaPy Project" public Zoom meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * Will look at zoom account features to see if they meet our needs
>     * aiming to make a decision on this in 1 - 2 months
* Upload Nick's DPP contributing video to YouTube.
* ~~Create hackmd doc for entering Newsletter section info.~~

## Minutes

* ROADMAP
    * some items will slip to Q2 to goals
    * Nick wants refactoring as part of the roadmap (Erik views this as a Tier 2 roadmap item)
        * refactoring of particle functionality (needed for Thomson scattering)
        * refactoring of transport functionality (needed for Transport roadmap item)
        * A review and refactor of `plamsapy.formulary`
* `v0.6.0` Release
    * probably going to go to a date base version FY2022
    * will implement a feature freeze the week of a release
    * code freeze for the 2-3 days around the release, and only focus on release PRs (bug or typo fixes still allowed)
* Newsletter
    * Nick and I [Erik] need to fill out newsletter brainstorm **by Wed. 3/24 next week**
    * **Want to release before April 1st.**
    * Items for newsletter
        * Nick will put together a thing on a sim working group. David might step in and do the putting together of info that Nick provides, if needed.
        * Nick will also do the thing about the hack week
* BMC student
    * working with `flask` and has a rough prototype going
    * will likely need a meeting in a few weeks (likely w/ office hours)
* no update on uploading videos...most likely happen next week
* Hackathon
    * going with Hack-week
    * meeting every 2 weeks
    * Valentina voluteered to be our Communication DJ
    * Next decision over next two weeks in nailing down format
    * allow impromptu breakout sessions thru Discord
* Decided to strike the Zenodo & mini-conf follow-up
    * will aim to be better about this next time
    * should be on top of this before running the next mini-conf
