---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Tuesday 2021 January 05 at 13:00 PT / 16:00 ET

### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. [Erik] Can we move meeting to 2pm PT?
3. drafting [roadmap](https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/ry0mmnj6v)
4. 10-15 minutes on roadmap
5. solicit "Project Issue" ideas
6. `plasmapy-project` has been restructured and repurposed for overarching "project management"
7. Review David's newsletter draft
    * Happy New Years
    * v0.5.0 just released
    * affiliated pkgs now on PlasmaPy.org
    * advertise office hours & community meeting
    * creation of "Plasma Community" chat room
    * Broadcast 2021 Survey
    * Advertise GitHub discussions
    * `plasmapy.analysis` was created and seed with a select set of fitting functions that allow you to track propagation of uncertainty
    * Success of open-software mini-conference
    * new contributors
        * [Tiger-Du](https://github.com/Tiger-Du)
        * [Ramiz Qudsi](https://github.com/ahmadryan)
        * [Steve Richardson](https://github.com/arichar6)
        * [Cody Skinner](https://github.com/wskinner74)
        * [David Schaffner](https://github.com/dschaffner)
    * Advertise "Project Issues"??
        * we might want to implement more issues before advertising
        * already seeing results of people picking up existing "Project Issues"
8. `Plasma-Education` repo
    * needs restructuring
    * add in "Project Issue" structure
    * define scope
    * setup RTD structure & builds
    * setup `learn.plasmapy.org`
9. plasmapy emails, e.g. team@plasmapy.org
10. 2020 PlasmaPy Survey -> 2021
    * Are there any changes we should make?
12. ...
13. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
14. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* ...

## Action Items

***Last Meeting 20201222***
> ***Erik***
> * Update 2020 Survey to 2021
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>     * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * consolidate roadmap stuff in `plasmapy-project`
> 
> ***Nick***
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Think about what the name of the Zenodo community should be (DPP miniconf or something more broad?)
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> 
> ***David***
> * contact mini-conf contributors about uploading to zenodo

***Everyone***
* review and comment on David's draft newsletter (by Fri. 1/8)

***Erik***
* Update 2020 survey to 2021
    * add contributing questions (i.e. about working group)
    * do by Thurs 1/7
* re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
    * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
* review, update, and refine roadmap
    * will be added to `plasmapy-project/roadmap/`
* add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
    * Sterling has submitted a request

***Nick***
* ~~send out doodle poll for new meeting~~
* remove 2020 meeting cancellation notes from www.plasmapy.org
* will create and post "Project meeting" page on website
    * David will create new zoom link

***David***
* Will create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
    * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
    * add waiting room
* Convert Newsletter to Google Doc


## Minutes

* Push the meeting an hour later for next week, but send out a doodle poll for a new meeting time.
* Reformatting this meeting into a "Project" meeting
    * Post meeting to the website
        * clearly define the scope
        * add a request to be part of the meeting
    * Solicit people that may be interested in the meeting
    * For now includes education, webinars, overarching project goals, tutorials, etc.
    * Anything not directly related to package development
* newsletter
    * David emailed a draft just before the meeting
    * we all should read and comment (reply directly to email)
    * [Erik] make comment on Affiliated pkgs
    * [Nick] make comment on DPP mini-conf
* 2021 Survey
    * New questions for contributing
        * Would be interesting in participating in working groups? (description of a working group)