---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 March 31 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. [Status, David] BMC student
5. [Status, Nick & David] clean code & how to contribute videos
6. [Status] Newsletter
    * brainstorm file <https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/HJ-AbhUm_>
    * what still needs to be done?
    * any comments/questions on the current content
7. [Status] Hackathon
    * website status
    * logo status
7. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
8. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Steve
* Ben
* David

## Action Items

***Erik***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
>   * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
> * add `OMFIT` to affiliated pkgs
>   * Sterling has submitted a request
>
* Roadmap
  * refine
  * start make page for website
* Get `plasmapy-education` up to speed

***Nick***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * for website make a v0.5.0 news post
> * Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs
> * look at register.com to see about getting @plasmapy.org email addresses
> 
* Open an issue on clarifying the "Citation" page on plasmapy.org
* Rough schedule should be complete by mid-March **Hack Week**
* email to Hackathon group for meeting reminder

***David***
> ***Continuation***
>
> * Create new zoom link for "Project" meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * Create a "PlasmaPy Project" public Zoom meeting
>     * add us as alt. admins (if possible)
>     * add waiting room
> * Will look at zoom account features to see if they meet our needs
>     * aiming to make a decision on this in 1 - 2 months
> 
* Upload Nick's DPP contributing video to YouTube.

## Minutes

* Newsletter
    * <https://hackmd.io/@plasmapy/HJ-AbhUm_>
    * draft of newsletter is looking good
    * only hold ups are
        * deploying hack.plasmapy.org
        * writing out section for Proton Radiography
    * should be able to release in 1-2 wks
    * will get every sorted so newsletter can be sent as soon as the hack.plasmapy.org website is ready for public
* Hack Week & website
    * last meeting was last Friday (3/26)
    * norminal format set to two 2 hr blocks separated by a 1hr social hour block
    * 1st 2hr block more formal with a presentation and hack to go with it
    * 2nd hr block is more informal where it's a free hack session
        * topics will be what attendees want to work on
        * we will seed topics if attendees do not bring anything forward
    * website
        * Nick got the landing page written and deployed
        * I [Erik] currently filling out remaining structure
        * need to request review from Steve and David when I open the PR
    * Need to make sure everyone in the Planning Committee is okay with saying "by PlasmaPy"
* Mike Brown is developing code (in python) for a math methods text book
    * using www.deepnote.com for showing code (a non-open-source rival to <https://mybinder.org>)
    * not sure if there are collaboration points
