---
tags: project management, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy "Project" Meeting | Wednesday 2021 April 28 at 12:00 PT / 13:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/FdMTYzixQAaydsGoXBYcPA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/FdMTYzixQAaydsGoXBYcPA)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * ["Project" Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10-15 minutes of roadmap
3. solicit "Project Issues"
4. Hack Week update
5. Hack Week website update
6. Coordinating Committee
    * Nominate David (and Steve)? 
7. Delaware Student for PlasmaPy?
8. ...
9. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
10. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Steve
* Nick

## Action Items

***Erik***
* start google doc on message for inviting presenters [Hack Week stuff]
* create organizing committee page on hack.plasmapy.org
* start organizing schedule spreadsheet [Hack Week stuff]

## Minutes

* Hack Week update
    * now meeting every Friday
    * collecting possible presenters to reach out to
      [see google doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C9qKU3Sb07X4nTOqtzEMrbiL7i7-gUZLISvwU5mRQkc/edit?usp=sharing)
    * starting rough straw man schedule [see google doc](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1aSFnLK5pc8yOI2Qb3f-m1bqMrdiESKNQHZUDNYapTiU/edit?usp=sharing)
    * 
* Hack Week website <https://hack.plasmapy.org>
    * landing page updated (phrasing and added feature cards)
* PlasmaPy Coordinating Committee
    * Steve says he'd be okay with it
    * Responsibilities can be seen [here](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs/blob/master/PLEP-0002.rst#responsibilities-of-the-coordinating-committee)
    * Ask Peter if he'd be interested
* Should look for grant sources where we can have more focused proposals (i.e. develop diagnostic for "this")
