---
tags: project management, CSSI, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy CSSI Meeting | Tuesday 2020 November 24 at 13:00 PT / 16:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/slvb1O4kR9eO5EunKg9bbQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/slvb1O4kR9eO5EunKg9bbQ)

### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * [CSSI Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. 10 minutes for 2021 roadmap
3. Getting miniconference presenters to post stuff on the YouTube™
4. Follow-up from last week's discussions
5. forming "Plasma Community" group
6. Scientific reproducibility paper for _Physics of Plasmas_ maybe
7. Summer internships?
8. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
9. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [PR #30](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io/pull/80): Add affiliated pkgs to the website

## Attendees

* Erik
* Ben
* Steve
* Nick‽

## Action Items

***Steve™***

***Erik***
* affiliated pkg stuff
    * update affiliated pkg display to include license info
    * update `tofu` json data
    * incorporate documentation about linking back to list
* How to manage/display 2021 roadmap stuff
    * open roadmap repository
* review and updated and define PlasmaPy project levels

***Nick***
* talk to Drew about forming a community channel on element
    * Decide on what specific name/tag we want for this
        * "Plasma Community" and `plasma-community`
* talk to Jimmy & Andrew about Gkeyll & interfaces

***David***
* Can you take the lead on getting & posting min-conf videos?
* Next email...include stuff about requesting and posting affiliated pkgs
* include link to element community channel

## Minutes

* 2021 roadmap ideas
    * form planning groups for subject specific functionality & education
        * planning groups would maybe turn into working groups
        * members should included specialists from the respective field
        * NOT weekly...probably monthly, quarterly, or bi-yearly depending on the group
        * 
    * Roadmap discussion groups
        * Probably by subpackages, rather than something PlasmaPy-wide
    * have a roadmap repository on GitHub that the website/RTD/etc. can pull from and render
    * education
        * YouTube™ videos...both as functionality tutorials and lesson plans
        * notebooks as lesson plans (@ undergrad level and HS level)
        * far far future...after pandemic...reaching out underprivileged High Schools
    * Update development guide in docs (high priority)
        * a bunch of misc things
        * How to contribute
        * coding practices
* mini-conf stuff
    * grabbing videos to post to YouTube...need APS and presenter approval
    * create a playlist on PlasmaPy YouTube for all the vids
    * Can David take the lead on this?
* Affiliated pkgs [PR #30](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io/pull/80)
    * How many pkgs do we want before merging PR?
        * Currently we have 1 (`tofu`)
        * Should include `omfit`, `omas`, `bapsflib`, `gkeyll`
    * Erik needs to update PR to include display of license info
* reproducibility paper
    * putting analysis code on Zenodo so it can be cited (DOI) in papers
    * of course code would need to open-source
    * how to pkg data with code?
    * using QR code to track diagnostics during experiments.
