---
tags: project management, CSSI, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy CSSI Meeting | Tuesday 2020 December 01 at 13:00 PT / 16:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/sYup9ClSQnK35omAILec4w/badge)](https://hackmd.io/sYup9ClSQnK35omAILec4w)

### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes)
    * [CSSI Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/minutes/_project)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Where is Erik's bicycle???
2. follow up from last weeks discussions
3. "Plasma Community" chat room created on element
    * https://matrix.to/#/!oYyRyKqzZioREcukJl:openastronomy.org?via=openastronomy.org&via=matrix.org&via=cadair.com
4. Dominik will release v0.5.0 by Dec. 6th
5. considering creating a `plasmapy.transport` sub-package
    * this moves transport out of `plasmapy.formulary`
6. 10-15 minutes for roadmap discussion
7. Nick's reproducibility paper
    1. Video on Zenodo
    3. Open hardware...? 
    4. Can we put emoji in *Physics of Plasmas* articles?
9. ...
10. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
11. Pull requests in progress 
    1. [PR #30](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io/pull/80): Add affiliated pkgs to the website
    
## Attendees

* Erik
* Nick
* Steve
* Ben
* David

## Action Items

***David***
* In next PlasmaPy email
    * Include "Plasma Community" chat room
    * Include `plasmapy` v0.5.0 release (should be release by Dec. 6th)
    * review CSSI and post DPP minutes for more items

***Nick and Erik***
* First draft of working group structure document (defining a working group)

***Nick***
* Scientific reproducibility paper in next two weeks
* How to contribute videos

## Minutes

* **ROADMAP**
    * after forming key features for the pks then we should for respective working groups accordingly
        * no need to have python experience to be in a working group
        * being apart of a working group would look good on a resume
        * Plus being co-author on citable research products put on Zenodo
    * need to outline/define what a working group looks like, entails
        * people responsibilities
        * frequency of meetings
        * individual tasks
        * should be included in the roadmap
    * How to form a working group...
        1. identify key features for plasmapy
        2. identify which features need working groups (likely Nick and Jimmy Juno)
        3. identify desired people for the working group
        4. form working group
    * creating project levels
    * creating issues that fully summarize a project (and label as such)
        * this would also be useful in context of David and his undergrads forming lesson plan notebookes
            * create issues/summaries the define different lesson plan notebooks and the point they should include
* Reproducibility paper
    * open-hardware (generally needs to be pinned with open-software)
        * looking at projects in the DIY world would be a good start
        * hardware could be control device for a machine as well as diagnostics
        * diagnostics could be a little more difficult to generalized for machine-to-machine
    * promoting good documentation of open-hardware would be beneficial for you and the community
    * Grad students who work on a diagnostic and leave, or join the group later
* promote the "Plasma Community" chat room in the next PlasmaPy email
* AGU is Dec 1-17
    * Python in Heliophysics Community session on Dec 8
* FESAC meeting & AGU conflict with next week's CSSI meeting, so a few of us might not be able to make it
* Meow.  Meow.
* Bryn Mawr student over break in David's E&M class
    * Maybe start a Jupyter notebook on 
* Get back to using projects
    * Including creating issues that fully detail what goes into the code contribution
    * Could do this for lesson plans





