---
tags: project management, CSSI, minutes
---

# PlasmaPy CSSI Meeting | Tuesday 2020 December 22 at 13:00 PT / 16:00 ET

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/BJMShD_ESZiPo9FDoOOPnQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/BJMShD_ESZiPo9FDoOOPnQ)


### Video Conference Information
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://element.im/app/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org) and [Gitter](https://gitter.im/PlasmaPy/Lobby)
* [GitHub Minutes Repository](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project)
    * [CSSI Sub-directory](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/tree/master/CSSI_2020-present)
* [PlasmaPy on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy) ([pull requests](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/pulls), [issues](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy/issues))
* [PlasmaPy Enhancement Proposals on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy-PLEPs)
* [PlasmaPy Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar?cid=bzVsb3ZkcW0zaWxsam00ZTlrMDd2cmw5bWdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ)

## Agenda (please feel free to edit or add items)

1. Introductions
2. When to restart meeting in the new year (Jan. 5th?)
3. Review David's email draft
    * v0.5.0 just released
    * affiliated pkgs now on PlasmaPy.org
    * advertise office hours (skip 24 & 31)
    * creation of "Plasma Community" chat room
4. Created repo `plasmapy-project`
    * place to store project related documents
    * place to discuss project related topics
5. Launched ["Project Issues"](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/964)
6. Videos [Nick]
7. NumFOCUS update
8. ...
9. Issues
    1. ...
    2. ...
10. Pull requests in progress 
    1. ...
    
## Attendees

* Steve
* David
* Nick
* Ben
* Erik

## Action Items

***Erik***
* Update 2020 Survey to 2021
* re-purpose `Plasma-Education` to deploy on RTD
    * add the "Project Issue" framework to the repo
* consolidate roadmap stuff in `plasmapy-project`

***Nick***
* for website make a v0.5.0 news post
* Think about what the name of the Zenodo community should be (DPP miniconf or something more broad?)
* Create issue on screen reader compatibility for math in PlasmaPy docs

***David***
* contact mini-conf contributors about uploading to zenodo

## Action Items | Last week

***General***
* discuss return meeting during next week's meeting

***Erik***
* review David's draft email
* what does it take to create a new stackexchange site?

***Nick***
* take the helm on applying to NumFOCUS...look into applying
    * Look into if NSF would complain about them funding us and us joining NumFocus
    * Bring up a looping mentorship program at a future one of our meetings
* Post in DPP form & discourse on plasma hack week

## Minutes

* **MEETINGS WILL RETURN ON JAN. 5th 2021**
    * start on the hour
* place links to past newsletters on plasmapy.org
    * where should we place these?
* Make email into a Newsletter
    * [last newsletter](https://mailchi.mp/b3c10bc3a576/plasmapy-project-newsletter-july-2020?e=[UNIQID])
    * Happy New Years
    * v0.5.0 just released
    * affiliated pkgs now on PlasmaPy.org
    * advertise office hours & community meeting
    * creation of "Plasma Community" chat room
    * Broadcast 2021 Survey
    * Advertise GitHub discussions
    * `plasmapy.analysis` was created and seed with a select set of fitting functions that allow you to track propagation of uncertainty
    * Success of open-software mini-conference
    * new contributors
        * [Tiger-Du](https://github.com/Tiger-Du)
        * [Ramiz Qudsi](https://github.com/ahmadryan)
        * [Steve Richardson](https://github.com/arichar6)
        * [Cody Skinner](https://github.com/wskinner74)
        * [David Schaffner](https://github.com/dschaffner)
* Erik created [project levels issue](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy/issues/964)
* Create something like a `plasmapy-learn` repo to house educational materials that are not `plasmapy` specific...e.g a notebook on Coulomb's Law
    * re-purpose `Plasma-Education` for this
* Next meeting: talk about newsletter, fleshing out roadmaps, working groups...