---
tags: APS, minutes
---

# 2nd Post-APS-DPP Meeting | November 19, 2020

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/l_cBrR4eQ4WeMLoIjpGhhQ/badge)](https://hackmd.io/l_cBrR4eQ4WeMLoIjpGhhQ)

### Video Conference Information
* [Zoom video conference link](https://harvard.zoom.us/j/91600794594?pwd=L09iTGtTRUN1RmpsVnNvU05LRnNwQT09)
* Instant messaging: [Matrix](https://app.element.io/#/room/#plasmapy:openastronomy.org)
* [1st post-meeting minutes can be found on GitHub](https://github.com/PlasmaPy/plasmapy-project/blob/master/minutes/APS/2020DPP_1st_mini-conf_post-meeting.md)

## Minutes

### affiliated packages

* representatives of: nimrod, osiris, gkeyll, nata, 
* osiris - non-restrictive access after signing a document, completely fine to put on the website list!

### open discussion

* connections
* gkeyll is trying to become a library
    * allow calling gkeyll from plasmapy to foster adoption of gkeyll?
    * happy to become more involved
    * gkeyll could provide no-dependency pure C set of libraries that provide an "update" formula
    * first pass: like gkeyll 1.0: create grids, fields, arrays, just pull update method from
    * having other codes called from scripting languages (instead of saving to a file and then interfacing w/ it)
* create a community pkg channel on element **!!!**
* **should we have monthly meetings around the concept of community pkgs?**

# Chat notes

```
11:06:28	 From ERIK EVERSON : https://hackmd.io/l_cBrR4eQ4WeMLoIjpGhhQ
11:07:12	 From ERIK EVERSON : ^ those are the minutes for this meeting
11:18:15	 From David Schaffner : This is a really nice format and layout
11:23:51	 From Nicholas A Murphy : This idea is coming from Astropy's affiliated packages page: https://www.astropy.org/affiliated/
11:24:11	 From ERIK EVERSON : https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfz2djEihWkODbkr1ZC5splkX7ZKLAh_Kuy-aXOngTELIm3xQ/viewform
11:24:21	 From ERIK EVERSON : ^ affiliated pkg google request form
11:39:19	 From Paul Adamson : Sorry I had to join late
11:39:35	 From Sterling Smith : I also joined just a minute ago.
11:39:38	 From Steve Vincena (he/him) : No worries. We’re having freeform discussions.
11:40:11	 From Paul Adamson : I like that the discussion is about education.
11:43:14	 From Nicholas A Murphy : Yay Zenodo!
11:46:19	 From Nicholas A Murphy : astrohackweek.org/
11:49:01	 From Dominik Stańczak (he/him) : brb in a sec, listening in :)
11:55:16	 From ERIK EVERSON : https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/plasmapy
11:55:24	 From ERIK EVERSON : ^ plasmapy’s mailing list
11:55:25	 From David Schaffner : PlasmaPy Google Group Mailing List: https://groups.google.com/g/plasmapy
11:57:59	 From Nicholas A Murphy : For those of us in heliophysics, there's also the Python in Heliophysics Community: https://heliopython.org/
11:59:54	 From Sterling Smith : If the general plasmapy list is open to the more community program discussion, then I would be fine with just that one list, instead of trying to form a new list.  But if the plasmapy list is focused on plasmapy the product, and not the community, then a different list would be appreciated.
12:00:28	 From ERIK EVERSON : https://gkeyll.readthedocs.io/en/latest/quickstart/main.html
12:05:15	 From Fábio Cruz : I have to leave now. Will be in touch to add a couple of packages to the affiliated packages list. Just a final note - I think that the simulation package is a great idea, and not only from the educational point of view. This could be a standard to compare simulations performed with different codes, and that’s very valuable even for “production” runs. Thanks again for organizing the discussion!
12:06:21	 From Sterling Smith : I propose March 1-5 for a hackweek.  Thoughts?
12:06:32	 From Brian Cornille : SIAM CSE is that week

```
